README.md, before:

# Kongregate Web API for Unity

This package provides C# bindings to the [Kongregate Web API](https://docs.kongregate.com/v1.0/reference) to be used in developing Unity games that will be published on the Kongregate website.

```c#
KongregateWeb.BecameReady += () =>
{
    if (KongregateWeb.IsGuest)
    {
        Debug.Log("Player is a guest");
    }
    else
    {
        Debug.Log("Player is logged in as " + KongregateWeb.Username);
    }
};

KongregateWeb.LoggedIn += () =>
{
    Debug.Log("Player is logged in as " + KongregateWeb.Username);
};
```

## Setup

To include kongregate-web as a Unity package, you'll need to be on Unity 2018.3 or later. Open `Packages/manifest.json` in your project and add "com.kongregate.kongregate-web" to the "dependencies" object:

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "com.kongregate.kongregate-web": "https://github.com/randomPoison/kongregate-web.git"
  }
}
```

> NOTE: You'll need to have Git installed on your development machine for Unity to be able to download the dependency. See https://git-scm.com/ for more information.

> NOTE: If you're using an older version of Unity, you can still use kongregate-web by copying the contents of `Plugins` into your project's `Plugins` folder.

To use kongregate-web, you'll first need to include the Kongregate JavaScript API in your build's generated `index.html` file. To do so, follow the Unity instructions for [setting up a custom WebGL template](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/webgl-templates.html), then add a link to `kongregate_api.js` as described in the [Kongregate JavaScript guide](https://docs.kongregate.com/docs/javascript-api#section-loading-the-api).

## Usage

The API is accessible through public, static methods on the `KongregateWeb` class. You never need to access the `KongregateWeb` instance directly.

The API needs to be loaded before it can be accessed. This will happen automatically on `Awake()` when the `KongregateWeb` object is created, however you'll need to wait for `KongregateWeb` to become ready before accessing any of the API functions. There are two ways of doing this:

* `IsReady` can be used to check if the API is ready.
* The `BecameReady` event is emitted once the API becomes ready.

Any attempts to access the API (other than `IsReady`) before it becomes ready will throw an exception. It is always okay to register callbacks on public events, though.

> NOTE: `KongregateWeb` will automatically create its own instance the first time it is accessed, which may mean that the API won't become ready until a later point. To ensure that the API becomes ready as early as possible, you can explicitly add an instance of `KongregateWeb` to your scene file. This will help to reduce the amount of time that your game will have to wait before accessing the Kongregate API.

The `KongregateWeb` class itself provides usage documentation for each of the functions and events. Additionally, the API mirrors the JavaScript API, so you can check the Kongregate docs for more details: https://docs.kongregate.com/v1.0/reference

## Cross-Platform Support

The Kongregate API is only available when building for WebGL, and will only work correctly for a game that has been uploaded to the Kongregate website. Any attempts to access the API on other platforms will behave as if the API isn't ready (i.e. it will throw an exception).

As such, your game code will still need to be smart enough to not access `KongregateWeb` on non-web platforms (or when deployed to other websites), but you won't need to wrap your code in `#if UNITY_WEBGL`.

## Additional Resources

* [Kongregate Web API Guide](https://docs.kongregate.com/docs/javascript-api)
* [Kongregate Web API Reference](https://docs.kongregate.com/v1.0/reference)
* [Unity WebGL Template Reference](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/webgl-templates.html)

Commit message:

Add note about Json.NET dependency

README.md, after:

# Kongregate Web API for Unity

This package provides C# bindings to the [Kongregate Web API](https://docs.kongregate.com/v1.0/reference) to be used in developing Unity games that will be published on the Kongregate website.

```c#
KongregateWeb.BecameReady += () =>
{
    if (KongregateWeb.IsGuest)
    {
        Debug.Log("Player is a guest");
    }
    else
    {
        Debug.Log("Player is logged in as " + KongregateWeb.Username);
    }
};

KongregateWeb.LoggedIn += () =>
{
    Debug.Log("Player is logged in as " + KongregateWeb.Username);
};
```

## Setup

To include kongregate-web as a Unity package, you'll need to be on Unity 2018.3 or later. Open `Packages/manifest.json` in your project and add "com.kongregate.kongregate-web" to the "dependencies" object:

```json
{
  "dependencies": {
    "com.kongregate.kongregate-web": "https://github.com/randomPoison/kongregate-web.git"
  }
}
```

> NOTE: You'll need to have Git installed on your development machine for Unity to be able to download the dependency. See https://git-scm.com/ for more information.

> NOTE: If you're using an older version of Unity, you can still use kongregate-web by copying the contents of `Plugins` into your project's `Plugins` folder.

To use kongregate-web, you'll first need to include the Kongregate JavaScript API in your build's generated `index.html` file. To do so, follow the Unity instructions for [setting up a custom WebGL template](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/webgl-templates.html), then add a link to `kongregate_api.js` as described in the [Kongregate JavaScript guide](https://docs.kongregate.com/docs/javascript-api#section-loading-the-api).

> NOTE: There's an additional dependency on [Json.NET](https://www.newtonsoft.com/json) currently, which means you'll need to import it into your project in order to use kongregate-web. There is a [package on the Unity store](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/tools/input-management/json-net-for-unity-11347) that you can use for this purpose. This dependency will be removed in a future version, see [#1](https://github.com/randomPoison/kongregate-web/issues/1).

## Usage

The API is accessible through public, static methods on the `KongregateWeb` class. You never need to access the `KongregateWeb` instance directly.

The API needs to be loaded before it can be accessed. This will happen automatically on `Awake()` when the `KongregateWeb` object is created, however you'll need to wait for `KongregateWeb` to become ready before accessing any of the API functions. There are two ways of doing this:

* `IsReady` can be used to check if the API is ready.
* The `BecameReady` event is emitted once the API becomes ready.

Any attempts to access the API (other than `IsReady`) before it becomes ready will throw an exception. It is always okay to register callbacks on public events, though.

> NOTE: `KongregateWeb` will automatically create its own instance the first time it is accessed, which may mean that the API won't become ready until a later point. To ensure that the API becomes ready as early as possible, you can explicitly add an instance of `KongregateWeb` to your scene file. This will help to reduce the amount of time that your game will have to wait before accessing the Kongregate API.

The `KongregateWeb` class itself provides usage documentation for each of the functions and events. Additionally, the API mirrors the JavaScript API, so you can check the Kongregate docs for more details: https://docs.kongregate.com/v1.0/reference

## Cross-Platform Support

The Kongregate API is only available when building for WebGL, and will only work correctly for a game that has been uploaded to the Kongregate website. Any attempts to access the API on other platforms will behave as if the API isn't ready (i.e. it will throw an exception).

As such, your game code will still need to be smart enough to not access `KongregateWeb` on non-web platforms (or when deployed to other websites), but you won't need to wrap your code in `#if UNITY_WEBGL`.

## Additional Resources

* [Kongregate Web API Guide](https://docs.kongregate.com/docs/javascript-api)
* [Kongregate Web API Reference](https://docs.kongregate.com/v1.0/reference)
* [Unity WebGL Template Reference](https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/webgl-templates.html)
